TODO: Complete the following after you have COMPLETED your project.

1. You are required to make a video for your project, as described in detail
   per a link available in the Moodle section for Capstone Team Project.
   Be sure that your video meets the requirements per the above link!
   Be sure that your video is visible to your instructors!

   What is the URL of your video?
     https://youtu.be/SpCvX6Z1sx8 and https://youtu.be/JgNFT_7V70g

2. List the names of the team members for your project.

     Joel Meyer, Seungjun Park, Colin Ripperda

3. Explain briefly what your project does and how it works.

     Our project is Space Odyssey, you control a spaceship and dodge endless asteroids.
     You must also keep an eye on your fuel gauge that is constantly ticking down, and collect power cells
     to refill it. There are two levels that are completed if you can survive for 60 seconds per level.

4. List the names of the classes in your project,
   identifying who was the primary author(s) for each.

     Colin - Asteroid, Asteroids, Enemy Classes
     Jun - FuelCell, FuelCells, FuelGauge Classes
     Joel - Controller, Starship Classes
     Everyone - Main, Game, View Classes

5. List the essential features of your game, as written in your
   Project Description, identifying who was the primary author(s) for each.
   (For features that you did not implement, if any, indicate so.)

     Moving Asteroids - Colin
     Moving Fuel Cells - Jun
     Starship - Joel
     Fuel Meter - Jun

6. List the additional features of your game that you implemented,
   identifying who was the primary author(s) for each.

     Music - Joel
     Title Screens - Joel and Colin
     Game Timer - Jun
     2nd Level - Colin
     AI Enemy - Colin


7. List the external modules (libraries) that you used.
     -- That is, list all the modules in IMPORT statements in your project.
     -- But do NOT include here the modules that you listed in #3 above,
          since they are INTERNAL to your project.

     random, pygame, sys, time,

8. List all media items (images, music, other graphics, etc.)
   that are not your own, and their sources (e.g. URLs).
   [If you no longer know the source, indicate so.]

     asteroid, ufo, starship, fuel cell personally created on Piskel
     Title screens all made on Kami
     Music and sound effects from patrickdeartega.com

9. [Optional] Add anything here that would help us assess your
   project fairly, beyond what you already said/showed in your video.

     [PUT YOUR ANSWER HERE, using as many lines as you need.]
